Getting started with HtmlEditor 21 1 (#2242)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/00 Getting Started with HtmlEditor/30 Work with Tables.md

> Users can insert and work with tables if you add the following items to the toolbar:

Reviewer: 'Insert' is a particular case of 'work'. Maybe 'create and customize/modify tables'?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can insert and modify tables if you add the following items to the toolbar:
```
